Add ellipsis operator scope (#721)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/writing-rules/pattern-syntax.mdx

The YAML `|` operator allows for [multiline strings](https://yaml-multiline.info/).
:::

The ellipsis operator can also be used for the function name.

> In some cases, you can match any function definitions:

Reviewer: Do you need the "In some cases" ?

Author: ```suggestion
Match any function definition:
```

The YAML `|` operator allows for [multiline strings](https://yaml-multiline.info/).
:::

> #### Ellipsis operator scope
> 
> The `...` ellipsis operator matches everything in its sub-scope. See the following example:
> 
> <iframe src="https://semgrep.dev/embed/editor?snippet=zZx0" border="0" frameBorder="0" width="100%" height="432"></iframe>
> 
> Semgrep matches the first occurrence of `bar` and `baz` in the test code as these objects fall under the scope of `foo` and `...`. The ellipsis operator does not match the second occurrence of `bar` and `baz` as they are not inside of the function definition, therefore these objects in their second occurrence are not inside the scope of the ellipsis operator.
> 

Author: @IagoAbal thanks! What do you think about the question made here: https://github.com/returntocorp/semgrep-docs/pull/721/files#r981396851 Where should we move this information?

To your last comment: It now sounds like a circular definition. Not sure if this is helping much... The information is specified this way below already.

```suggestion
#### Ellipsis operator scope

The `...` ellipsis operator matches everything in the sub-scope of the code that Semgrep matched. See the following example:

<iframe src="https://semgrep.dev/embed/editor?snippet=zZx0" border="0" frameBorder="0" width="100%" height="432"></iframe>

Semgrep matches the first occurrence of `bar` and `baz` in the test code as these objects fall under the scope of `foo` and `...`. The ellipsis operator does not match the second occurrence of `bar` and `baz` as they are not inside of the function definition, therefore these objects in their second occurrence are not inside the scope of the ellipsis operator.

```

> 

Reviewer: Maybe:

The `...` ellipsis operator matches everything in the current scope (or sub-scopes). The current scope is given by the code matched by the patterns preceding the `...`. See the following example:

> #### Ellipsis operator scope
> 
> The `...` ellipsis operator matches everything in its sub-scope. See the following example:
> 
> <iframe src="https://semgrep.dev/embed/editor?snippet=zZx0" border="0" frameBorder="0" width="100%" height="432"></iframe>
> 
> Semgrep matches the first occurrence of `bar` and `baz` in the test code as these objects fall under the scope of `foo` and `...`. The ellipsis operator does not match the second occurrence of `bar` and `baz` as they are not inside of the function definition, therefore these objects in their second occurrence are not inside the scope of the ellipsis operator.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
#### Ellipsis operator scope

The `...` ellipsis operator matches everything in its current scope. The current scope of this operator is defined by the patterns that precede `...` in a rule. See the following example:

<iframe src="https://semgrep.dev/embed/editor?snippet=zZx0" border="0" frameBorder="0" width="100%" height="432"></iframe>

Semgrep matches the first occurrence of `bar` and `baz` in the test code as these objects fall under the scope of `foo` and `...`. The ellipsis operator does not match the second occurrence of `bar` and `baz` as they are not inside of the function definition, therefore these objects in their second occurrence are not inside the scope of the ellipsis operator.
```
